what is on my veena below a CPM buddy
here bring her to throw now to make your
battery life on a good piece for
controller that's a little bit longer at
least 30 minutes 40 minutes 40 minutes
estimated time I would normally you know
before I even figure out this little
theory was a little helpful tip that
could make mind control last longer
I would always favor elaboration on Call
of Duty where the beat any other game
and I always have vibration on and I
always you know complain about the
battery life it you know it doesn't last
that long and only lasted for two hours
I was gonna get up I'm always
comfortable when I'm sitting and it just
I wanted to make it last longer so just
giving you a little quick just where I
had this so head over to settings and
head over to devices and over
controllers and then then hand it over
then uncheck vibration this is why every
time your controller rumbles it takes
one or the juice so does the brightness
of the light bar so if you have that on
brightness FL it's super bright like too
bright light shine bright like a diamond
I guess you could say lords dim like
always lower to dim these two would
these two are like the main thing why
the battery life always runs out some so
fast like part you know you charge your
phone it's just safer a good 30 minutes
then you start playing games like one
Facebook Twitter Instagram tumblr
myspace Yahoo Google pornhub and all
that stuff it just your phone battery
life would you know die eventually
because you be using too many apps and
run so much that it has to you know die
out sometime so that's like the same
cost as a controller so just unchecking
the enable vibrations thought about that
but yet you're gonna have to get used to
without vibration because it is gonna
feel different and for you know all
these calls with players are used to it
and they play without vibration ever
since and it's just even more of an
actor Shah believe me I've been doing it
for so long that's why all my videos I'm
gonna call duty videos I be getting all
these shots in and probably questioner
self how
you get it well this is how you do it
this is how you get your shops down you
can say and this is another way you
could save a better life on your ps4
controller now nothing is every time you
go on game channel in peace for everyone
knows that it no my quality sucks but if
you want to you know stay away from that
people you know be picking on you for
that just head over to todrick devices
and I don't have my mic plugged in at
the moment I have it plugged in this has
a computer so I could disk I'm sorry
guys
Edwards microphone and there's gonna be
three levels low good and high you want
to make it below good and like in the
middle of low so you want to how - I
like you can hear it all the way from
Mount Everest you don't want to do that
just you want to put it so like a good
volume of your choosing door of your
needs and all that stuff just do that
and you mic microphone level it sound a
little bit better and people will les
cap on you but it's just arrow nose at
the king track on the on the ps4 it
sucks so that's why IO needs to party
and I actually you know it shows the
quality of your mic and all that when we
hopefully this tutorial - well if you
guys what if you guys would like me to
do notes tour please come down section
below I hope you have a do it can be on
anything it can be on either ps4 ps3 not
right now because I had to figure out a
solution I had a record on there and
you'd rather in catch your device it
crashes so you guys like if you guys
would like me to do a tutorial please
comment down section below if not then
this is what I like I guess a second
story first or I'm not really sure I
mean it's it's already done but just
coming since like and I'm not really
good at them so you guys think guys for
watching like kung-fu subscribe and like
always peel it up